DOCS-14455 Add references for numHosts targeted in shardingStatistics (#5845)
mongodb/docs: source/reference/command/serverStatus.txt

   .. versionadded:: 5.0

.. serverstatus:: shardingStatistics.numHostsTargeted

   Indicates the number of shards targeted for ``CRUD`` operations and 
   aggregation commands. When a ``CRUD`` operation or aggregation
   command is run, the following metrics will be incremented.

   .. include:: /includes/fact-server-status-num-hosts-targeted.rst

>    .. note:: Running the :dbcommand:`serverStatus` on :binary:`mongos` 

Reviewer: Please add "command" after "serverStatus".

Author: Updated.

>             will provide insight into the aggregation operations find, 
>             insert, update, delete and aggregate that run on a sharded 

Reviewer: Can we use a similar wording as done in the release notes and say something like:

```suggestion
            will provide insight into CRUD and aggregation operations that run on
            a sharded 
```

By saying "the aggregation operations find, insert, update, delete", it sounds like those are aggregation operators, which is a little misleading.

Author: Updated.

            cluster. 
            
            Multi-shard operations can either be 
            :ref:`scatter-gather<sharding-query-patterns>`
            or shard specific. Multi-shard scatter-gather operations can
            :ref:`consume more resources<sharding-troubleshooting-scatter-gather>`,

>             by using the 

Reviewer: These are two separate sentences. We should write this as:

```
Multi-shard scatter-gather operations can
:ref:`consume more resources <sharding-troubleshooting-scatter-gather>`.
By using the :serverstatus:`shardingStatistics.numHostsTargeted`
metrics, you can...
```

Author: Updated.

            :serverstatus:`shardingStatistics.numHostsTargeted`
            metrics you can tune the aggregation queries that run on a 

>             sharded cluster.

Reviewer: There's some weird indentation happening here. We should be doing:

```
.. note::

   Running the :dbcommand:`serverStatus` command on...
   
```

Author: Updated.
